<center><b> Interdimensional Cable <b></center>
</br>
<center><i>Chapter 1: The Scientist Wanderer<i></center>
</br>
<center>“Every good story starts with a hook. Mine starts with an experiment.”
I wake up on the cold carpeted floor. I could feel the moist in the air as I get up. Upon finally opening my eyes I look around and see that I am in a sort of old-style office building, the kind you'd see in movies from the 1970’s. Upon standing up I realize how big the place is. All I see are corridors and paths spanning for the whole distance of my vision. “What the hell?”
I think to myself. Suddenly I remember, the last thing I saw before waking up here was the floor just letting me pass through it, a successful no-clip. “That means the experiment was a success, but at what cost? And if I'm here then some of the other scientists should be here as well, right?” I say this last part with the futile hope that I'm not alone in this god-forsaken place
All of a sudden I hear a shrill scream emanating from another corridor. I look down at my belt to see if my handgun is there and it sure is. I fiddle with the holster buckle before clammily pulling it out. “We were warned about this stuff," I say to myself. The no-clip zone was said to be dangerous but I didn't expect whatever the hell that was. Being the company's director ,my father also knew about this. That's why before I started working at the facility he gave me his old Smith and Wesson model 500. The thing could kill practically anything, from small animals to even deer and bears. I hope it can kill whatever made that noise as well. As I aim the sights down at the corridor from where the sound came from I see a yellow goo-ish monster with piercing bright eyes start lumbering towards me. I aim down at the center of mass and blast all the bullets in the chamber. The bullets carve out a jagged hole in the monster's center as it falls to the floor and stops moving. I swiftly reload the revolver, dropping the used shells on the ground in a hurry. I walk up to the monster and examine its insides. It seems to be all made up of a semi-solid goo, no organs present. I take out my camera and take a few photos, the clicking sound it makes reminds me of just how silent this place is. Other than the monotone hum of the ceiling lights there are really no other sources of noise. I start walking in a random direction; everything here looks the same. After a few minutes of walking I find a locker that stands out against the blandness of its environment. It is colored a dark red color and propped up against the yellow walls it immediately pops out, even to the naked eye. I walk up to it and slowly open its door. Inside, I find a sort of stash. A backpack filled with water and food as well as a Remington shotgun accompanied by 2 full ammo boxes. While I pull the bag out of the locker a note falls out with it. I pick it up and examine it, the paper seems to be quite new, the words look like they were written not so long ago.</center> 
</br>
<center><i>If you're reading this then you are trapped in here like the rest of us. There are 4 safe zones in this level, The library, the store, the disco shop and the weapons seller. In addition to these there are also danger zones with even scarier entities. Do not go in these zones alone. You will be brutally murdered. We left this package here so that you can make your way to a safe zone safely, whoever you may be. Look for the word WEAPONS on the walls. It is spray painted on and it will lead you to the weapons Seller. He can explain everything in greater detail. Most importantly. Keep moving.<i></center> 
</br>
<center>As I read this, a slight hope lifts me emotionally. I'm not alone after all. <i></center>
